dimola it seems to me that he has told us that in April issues of planet today I
published the book when I went to see them they gave me some of the books of
kitchen that they have published among them this one in which many recipes appear
Interesting
between them is leaving the trailer before a fried fish to occur
I'm going to version the see what you think is very simple to prepare we need the
same amount of carrot celery onion wants apples and we're going to
to fry with a drizzle of olive oil over medium heat for about
five minutes
stirring from time to time so that it is done evenly
p
After that time we added a spoon of salt coffee
victim of ground black pepper
the journey is a matter of taste I put two tablespoons of honey
we did it well and we left it for another five minutes camps etc
after this time we have not spoken vick
we do not mix everything well
efe
between five and eight minutes later we crush children I like very fine what
you go through a mill, the family is worth it to me
ap
p
we turn it over in thearte
finish
i
we gave him the butter
p
Roberto Perez was completely
and then spice up anything with this résumé meats fish
vegetables what you like most
we are going to accompany after Christ this can be done with any
white fish you can use hake on the Basque side I had some pieces of
mouse tail those used to pepper after we call ourselves
all right
hitting them to remove the inah experts
Dec
respect
dick cook
since the patient regarding the 190 degrees of this form the concerts
others do not
the brakes were treated very little it seems to me that they should
efe
two
Spain
and the poor countries retired on a bush grid on a paper of
tip
and at the table I hope you like a hug this new
about
expte
p